README.md, before:

# Qliksense Extension integrating amCharts.

## Introduction
This is a work in progress project for integrating [amCharts](https://www.amcharts.com/) charting library into qliksense extension(s).

At the moment the project is an implementation of a waterfall chart in the amWaterfall folder and a combo chart in the amCombo folder.

### Latest Change
* Cleaned up folders & added zipping to build functionality.
* Added new screeenshots of the combo chart, which should be functional now, albeit not very tested.
* Made the connection between all the appearance settings & the chart API (you can now 3d, choose clustered bars, handrawn, change fontsize/family etc. etc.)
* Fixed an error that made the combo only work with precisly 4 measures.

## Screenshots
### Combo Chart
![Combo Chart Screens](comboPictures/womboCombo.png)
### Waterfall Chart
![Waterfall Chart Screens](waterfallPictures/waterFall.png)

## How to use
Import amCombo.zip & amWaterfall.zip into your qliksense dev-hub extensions folder.

I've included some default 'synthetic' dimensions and expressions that should help you understand how dimensions and measures are used in the chart. If you don't know how the valuelist & pick & match functions work, especially in relation to synthetic dimensions there is a post [here](https://community.qlik.com/blogs/qlikviewdesignblog/2013/07/01/valuelist-for-those-tricky-situations) by Alexander Karlsson explaining valuelist together with an IF statement.

The pick(match()) structure does the same thing as the if sentence in this case. Where instead of having
case1 = statement1, return mes1..
case2 = statement2, return mes2.
The structure is more
case1,case2,..statement1,statement2..mes1,mes2...

## Known issues
* The axis rotation API settings doesn't seem to work if you rotate the whole graph via the rotate graph setting.

## Disclaimer
I'm in no way affiliated with amcharts.com. Their library is free to use for commercial purposes with the caveate that you must include the link to their website in the charts (as seen on the top left of the chart screenshots). If you would want a version without links to amcharts.com they would have to implement a solution to market.qlik.

Commit message:

added message regarding feedback, rating & contribution

README.md, after:

# Qliksense Extension integrating amCharts.

## Introduction
This is a work in progress project for integrating [amCharts](https://www.amcharts.com/) charting library into qliksense extension(s).

At the moment the project is an implementation of a waterfall chart in the amWaterfall folder and a combo chart in the amCombo folder.

Please rate & give feedback! If you wan't to contribute feel free to message me on github.

### Latest Change
* Cleaned up folders & added zipping to build functionality.
* Added new screeenshots of the combo chart, which should be functional now, albeit not very tested.
* Made the connection between all the appearance settings & the chart API (you can now 3d, choose clustered bars, handrawn, change fontsize/family etc. etc.)
* Fixed an error that made the combo only work with precisly 4 measures.

## Screenshots
### Combo Chart
![Combo Chart Screens](comboPictures/womboCombo.png)
### Waterfall Chart
![Waterfall Chart Screens](waterfallPictures/waterFall.png)

## How to use
Import amCombo.zip & amWaterfall.zip into your qliksense dev-hub extensions folder.

I've included some default 'synthetic' dimensions and expressions that should help you understand how dimensions and measures are used in the chart. If you don't know how the valuelist & pick & match functions work, especially in relation to synthetic dimensions there is a post [here](https://community.qlik.com/blogs/qlikviewdesignblog/2013/07/01/valuelist-for-those-tricky-situations) by Alexander Karlsson explaining valuelist together with an IF statement.

The pick(match()) structure does the same thing as the if sentence in this case. Where instead of having
case1 = statement1, return mes1..
case2 = statement2, return mes2.
The structure is more
case1,case2,..statement1,statement2..mes1,mes2...

## Known issues
* The axis rotation API settings doesn't seem to work if you rotate the whole graph via the rotate graph setting.

## Disclaimer
I'm in no way affiliated with amcharts.com. Their library is free to use for commercial purposes with the caveate that you must include the link to their website in the charts (as seen on the top left of the chart screenshots). If you would want a version without links to amcharts.com they would have to implement a solution to market.qlik.
